Your mother was Maggie in there.
No, no, my mom wasn't a header. Really? No, she wasn't a head.
Which back the end of that
Very few people.
And.
Uncle. No,
very few people I tell you. Maybe my grandmother cracked me once, but it was,
you know, just like, get your together. Not like trying to hurt me, you know,
just a little smack. I didn't get beat as a kid, but, uh,
I saw a lot of violence. I saw that seeing violence when you're a kid,
there's something about like, seeing someone you're close to,
who's an adult being beating up like a 10 or 11 year old.
You ever see that before? When you see, when you see something like that,
you ever see a grown adult beaten the out of a 10 or 11 year
old when you're a little kid. Yes.
That to me was that was like a defining moment when I was a
little kid.
As a parent, or I only saw parents beat that.
Yeah. I saw someone beat somebody else's kid.
It was up to watch.
When I lived on 2 0 5 west 88th street, we can't.
When I came from Cuba, we lived in New Jersey for them. My dad died.
We moved to 89th street. Then something happened at the building.
We ended up moving to 88th street and they had a kid.
I had a beef with every day and one day I finally got my together in
karate.
Like one day on my side kick started working and that right cross started
working. I learned how to use my block.
And I finally had this kid, his name was Rudy, the Haitian.
He was the only Haitian kid in the neighborhood. We lived on 88th street.
I him up this day.
And his father came down and held my arms and he made Rudy punch me.
And I'll never forget that my lip was bleeding.
And he took me upstairs and he knocked on my mother's door.
And my mother opened up the door in the half a angle over. And she goes,
what's the problem. She goes show with Coco, you know? And he goes,
next time your son hits my son. I'm going to hit him.
Then I'm gonna come up and hit you.
And my mom turned around and got a butcher knife and chased Rudy's fall up the
stairs. Cops came and the lady next door said she didn't see a knife.
But at that point we would done in the building. Jeez,
that was one of the worst there.
When I moved to north Bergen,
I saw parents that you don't like
living here. A comedian, go eat, hang out with why can't you have the house,
how they talk to their parents. I can never talk to them. You know,
that's the first thing I noticed when I went to Jersey, there was,
there was certain kids that would take that dish and go,
I don't want a fish sandwich. If I ever did that in my house,
Joe Rogan, are you kidding me? My mom would take the dish,
throw it against the wall and say,
now you're not eat and go to bed like that type of.
But I also saw a parrot in the hallway one day.
And I was standing in the way you all, with his arms crossed,
talking to the teacher the way I'm talking to you and a kid standing right here
with glasses on and I'm walking towards him. Like, you know,
I went to the bathroom. I'm like a hall pass and I'm talking,
talking, talking, and in the middle of it,
the father just going bam and hitting them with a backhand kick
goes down, glasses broke and blood coming out of the nose. Oh,
he's telling them to get the up before I kill you. You dumb.
Oh, you said that to him. You dumb. I have seen that. Oh,
that kid was the devil though. I knew that kid. Well, the reason why that.
Kid Kim was the devil probably cause his dad.
Beat him. And then there was another kid. When I went to Catholic school,
Weedo for all the Ginzo the whole thing,
bro. He would come that the nicest guy in the world,
but the son was crazy. And every time he get there,
the nun would tell him about what he did and dog,
he would punch him the way
on Gaia was throwing punches and God steep bay.
I swear to my mother's grave. As he was crawling into the car,
like frown, pounding them 12 Jesus,
I got thrown out of that 11 attack.
So now are you looking at me saying Joey,
did they deserve it or whatever? Everybody, every parent had a different,
uh, you know, I watched a couple of weeks ago,
I was stoned to the gills and I was laughing about how people put people down on
and. And I was laughing about when Julius serving first,
when the ABA shut down, when the ABA first shut down, if they were,
I don't know, Joe, but if there was eight categories,
Julius Irving's led seven of them. Right?
And the ABA shut down and the Sixers picked up Julia serving.
They gave him $6 million, which can you imagine that?
What they give that guy yet? What they give LeBron?
LeBron is getting about 30 or 40,
but yet he got $6 million over two years or something was Julius.
And he was the biggest player in the world.
And now this guy's getting 1 54 for three is Jesus.
So Dr. Jay switched his number from 32 to six and now the NBA all
star game came. So all the critics were like,
he came home from the ABA. He's gonna get his kicked from the NBA,
all star game. What? Go look at those statistics.
He went off. He went off because of a white dude named pistol,
Pete Maravich. That is,
he went to LSU and led the country in scoring a white dude and ended up becoming
a Boozer.
But that dude knew how to handle the ball because his father would beat him.
His father would make him sleep in the garage in the winter and beat him until
he learned how to play basketball because there was no losing in his house.
Do you understand me, Joe Rogan? There's no losers,
house sleeping in the garage. No dinner
pistol. Pete knew how to dribble jacket pistol.
Pete would take your deep pistol. Pete could eat.
Anybody could cover by the best black dude in the league could cover pistol
Pete. But if you watch that NBA, all star game pistol,
Pete is stopping chopping people and give them behind the back passes to Julius
serving. He even looks at a dude at one path. He's looking at Bob McAdoo.
I'm coming. As long as they just push the ball between his legs.
And he gives it to Julius serving Jew. Why? Because that kid's father stayed on
there's different thoughts of.
Some people can handle that. Some people can't though, like some,
some guys have broken, but I mean,
it's like how much pressure is too much pressure to create like a superstar like
that. I didn't tiger woods. Didn't his dad put a lot of pressure on him as well.
Talk about that. The guy that died last week, but.
That's a different thing I can tell. Well, the tiger would show Jackson.
What the is different about that?
He created three kids to change the on one kid that changed the world,
right? He beat him. He them in the.
Supposedly I don't know he did sexual assault.
I gotta be really careful with the same things.
I'm sorry. Listen. It's to me two things, things come out.
What are you going to do? Everybody's getting the blame for something.
You know what I'm saying?
But this is something you really heard.
I have, I've heard sexual abuse allegations from his father, but,
but I listened to what? Listen to what, what did he create? What did he do?
What did Joe Jackson do by making them not let them,
uh, and, and let me tell you something.
The one kid could have gone to a college to play basketball.
The kids had talent as it was Gary Indiana.
They would go to Carrie and then no, it's like, hell, uh,
uh, Delaware. And then Gary Indiana, you know,
saying like, Gary's like crazy. He made these kids rehearse.
He pulled them out of Gary, took them up to Barry Gordy.
You know, you think about this.
Some of them probably hate him for what he did.
You look back at those lessons that you got Joe Rogan.
How many people did you look at one day and go you mother.
But then two years later,
you look back and you look at the lesson you learned from the whole experience
and you actually have to go back and hug that person and go, Hey man,
thank you for that time. And made me better today,
because what you did made me a better person.
We're not going to agree with everything that happens along the way.
It's all right, but it's made us who the we are.
That's an interesting thing because we grew up in a time where kids were just
allowed to run around outside. Everybody ran around outside.
That was just normal. Right? When you were a little kid, you ran around outside.
Nobody just runs around outside.
I remember the first time I saw a grown lady hit, she hit,
my cousin were both around the same age.
I was probably six and she was five.
And this lady slipped on ice in front of her apartment building.
And she got up and my cousin just unfortunately happened to be standing right in
front of her when she fell and she got up and she said, don't you laugh at me?
And she smacked her in the face. She wasn't laughing at her either.
Just she smashed her in the face, man. Like it was, she smacked her hard.
And I was like, oh my God was that? I mean, we were both little,
little kids and watching some grown adults smash our
cousin in the face. We were like, he like,
got to realize that, Hey, you can't, you, you know, you gotta be polite.
There's some people that will smack you in the face and she didn't even do
anything wrong. There's some evil out there.
That'll hit little kids. That's a dark, man.